Meeting on 4/10

everyone was present 

tucker - finished the cave this week (likes, sorting) will try to finish up the bugs this week. also wants to link it to convention pages?

liam - finsihed groups and some other errata, plans on doing finishing up bug fixes and strat im to add a group. Wants to work on the navbar.

micheal - finished  search and search for cave, plans on making ui look better and bug fixes

daniel - dynamic conventions and profile customization. Wnats to workt on profile pcitures? and setting page

leon - review system for the convention pages, can add a review and they are all sorted based on rating. Did image resizing for convention page. Wants to add multiple sort functionalites (sort-by) for the reviews, bug fixes.

Andrew - finished up instant messages and working on integration of all branches. Will continue to work on that(nav bar) and help find and squash bugs.

Billy - 

